{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27820\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In this folder you will find both the original file system of the project, as well as an .apk file which is a sign compiled version.\
To run the program you have several alternatives.\
\
1. Running emulator.\
\
	1.1 Android studio\
\
	Download Android studio from Androids webpage. Install. Go to SDK manager and make sure that \'93Android SDK Tools\'94 \
	and the system image \'93Intel x86 Atom System Image\'94 is  installed.\
	Go to AVD Manager and create a virtual device (app is tested on phones, not tables. The GUI might not look right). Import files or apk.\
	Run the program and choose a device.  The system has been tested on Nexus 5 x86 and Nexus 6 with API 21/22.\
	A common problem when importing a project seems to be the gradle build. If build problems occur use \
	\'93sync project with grade files\'94. And Build -> clean project, Build -> rebuild project. \
\
	1.2 Manymo\
	\
	Go to manymo.com and create user, or login with username = \'93daviandersson91@me.com\'94 , password =  \'93Gr\'f6nsaksGryta\'94.\
	Go to launch Emulators and choose \'93App\'94. Upload the provided .apk file and choose a emulator resembling a phone size. \
	The GUI has not been tested on multiple screens sizes and will probably look unnatural if not chosen correctly. \
	\
2. Running on device.\
\
	Download Android studio and make sure that the steps in 1.1 are followed. You should be able to turn on \'93Unknown source\'94 \
	your android phone. You should be able to orientate to the lower bar and find 6. Android. There you will se the ADB Manager \
	and if everything is connected properly, also se your device. Select your device and run the program. \
	\
	Otherwise you could use terminal and write : \
	\
	cd 
\f1\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 /Users/<Your computer name>/Library/Android/sdk/platform-tools\
\
	./adb usb\
\
	./adb install <Path to you .apk file>\
	\
\
\
Current database inputs:\
\
Usersname - password:\
\
davidandersson91@me.com - david (real address)\
per@example.com - perper\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 anna@example.com - annaanna\
erik@example.com - erikerik\
\
Groups:\
\
fikaGruppen - ready to send out emails.\
kulGruppen - erik@example.com has not yet answered.}